admins, bank employee normal users
home page
	atm system
	online banking
	b2b transfer
	

user account info about user acounts balance 
 blocked account flag to block card with three wrong pin attempts
 block account if no transaction for 12 months
 
 
 admin account  multiple admins like account creator, card unblock, bank employees
cash table to store cash for atm added by admin
 
transaction table to store transaction history
login account


admin to ENTERS USER details
user login account is created with password and iban and send an email back to client

1. imp ATM user interface (Web-Browser): Withdraw cash
	user enters iban and pin
		block the card. 
	enters amount to withdraw
	check his balance -- and his daily withdrawl limit
	
	perform transaction if everything works.
	done
	?check amount contained in atm and then dispense cash
	
2.ATM user interface: Read transaction log
	user gets his transaction log from transaction table
	print a copy if i want
	--report transaction?

3.ATM local Terminal Application to maintain ATM (load with cash, reboot, update software)
	admin  loads atm with cash cash info. admin can manually reboot application server and update software .
	
4.provide an ATM log where bank employees can see which customer took how much money
	load logs for viewing customer debits.	

5.Now cloud based ATM maintenance, but don't change user interface
??	

6. imp Online Banking: Place Wire Transfer requests 
	WithinBank do it
	other bank do it
	
7.Online Banking: Read transaction log
	same as atm log.. print transactions table log for the particular user

8. imp Connect to other banks to transfer money on behave of customers
	use TCP sockets, SOAP, REST, ... to transfer this data.

9.Bank A lends money to another bank
	how to implement it??

10.Bank emploeeWeb interface: access to all ATM logs, transfer money from Bank to Bank
	covered in section 2  and 6 just give view for transactions
11.Customers can withdraw cash at ATMs of everybank
	use REST api. Ravi will explain more.
	
12.Display account balance at ATM and in the Online Banking
	done 